In this project, I analyzed a dataset from a site called Real-world Fake. here is the link to the site. https://data.world/markbradbourne/rwfd-real-world-fake-data/workspace/file?filename=Hospitality.csv
They have some really amazing data sets that are beginner-friendly.



**steps:**
I downloaded a CSV file and imported it into MySQL Workbench. After importing, I performed data cleaning to ensure the data's quality and consistency. Following that, I crafted a series of SQL queries to address specific questions and extract relevant insights from the data. Additionally, I leveraged Power BI to create a dashboard that visually presented the findings and allowed for a more intuitive and interactive exploration of the data.

   

   **Questions answered:**
1. What is the rate paid for each room in each hotel?
2. What are the different room types in each property and their booking frequencies?
3. How many guests checked into each property throughout the year?
4. Which rate type was the most booked?
5. How much revenue was generated through each booking channel?
6. What is the percentage distribution of different reservation statuses?
7. How much revenue was generated by each property?
8. What is the average stay duration for all the properties?
9. How do booking channel trends vary across different months in a year
10. What is the percentage distribution of special requests?

here is the link to the Medium article https://medium.com/@fuomsukassumpta/data-analysis-project-b2ab256a3d27

   

